Emphasize getting off definitions more (#2186)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/definitions.rst

`[edit on GitHub] <https://github.com/chef/chef-web-docs/blob/master/chef_master/source/definitions.rst>`__

> This topic covers migrating existing definitions to custom resources. Custom resources are integral to the modern Chef Infra workflow. While definitions are not yet deprecated, we *strongly* advise migrating to custom resources immediately, in order to benefit from the many features of Chef Infra such as notifications, reporting, why-run mode, and ChefSpec unit testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic covers migrating existing definitions to custom resources. Custom resources are integral to the modern Chef Infra workflow. While definitions are not yet deprecated, we *strongly* advise migrating to custom resources immediately in order to benefit from the many features of Chef Infra such as notifications, reporting, why-run mode, and ChefSpec unit testing.
```

Definitions
=====================================================
A definition behaved like a compile-time macro that was reusable across recipes. A definition was typically created by wrapping arbitrary code around Chef Infra resources that were declared as if they were in a recipe. A definition was then used in one (or more) actual recipes as if the definition were a resource.

> Though a definition looked like a resource, and at first glance seems like it could have been used interchangeably, some important differences exist. A definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though a definition looked like a resource, and at first glance seems like it could have been used interchangeably, some important differences exist. Definitions:
```

> Though a definition looked like a resource, and at first glance seems like it could have been used interchangeably, some important differences exist. Definitions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though a definition looks like a resource, and at first glance seems like it could be used interchangeably, some important differences exist. Definitions:
```

* Are not true resources
* Are processed when resource collection is compiled, not when a node is converged
* Don't support common resource properties, such as ``notifies``, ``subscribes``, ``only_if``, ``not_if``, and ``sensitive``

> * Don't support input validation in passed arguments, unlike a resource can which supports validation with properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't support input validation in passed arguments, unlike a resource which supports validation with properties
```

`[edit on GitHub] <https://github.com/chef/chef-web-docs/blob/master/chef_master/source/definitions.rst>`__

> In 2016 with Chef Client 12.5 `custom resources </custom_resources.html>`__ were introduced to allow users to easily create their own resources within cookbooks. Custom resources are intended to replace both LWRPs and definitions in cookbook code. While not formally deprecated we *highly* suggest that existing definitions be migrated to custom resources as many features such as notifications, reporting, why-run mode, and ChefSpec unit testinng are not possible with definitions. This topic covers what a definition is and shows how to convert an existing definition to a custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This topic covers migrating existing definitions to custom resources. Custom resources are integral to the modern Chef Infra workflow. While definitions are not yet deprecated, we *strongly* advise migrating to custom resources immediately, in order to benefit from the many features of Chef Infra such as notifications, reporting, why-run mode, and ChefSpec unit testing.
```

> * Was not a true resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Are not true resources
```

> * Was processed while the resource collection is compiled (whereas resources are processed while a node is converged)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Are processed when resource collection is compiled, not when a node is converged
```

> * Did not support common resource properties, such as ``notifies``, ``subscribes``, ``only_if``, ``not_if``, and sensitive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't support common resource properties, such as ``notifies``, ``subscribes``, ``only_if``, ``not_if``, and ``sensitive``
```

> * Did not support input validation in passed arguments like a resource does with properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't support input validation in passed arguments, unlike a resource can which supports validation with properties
```

> * Did not support why-run mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't support ``why-run`` mode
```

> * Did not support reporting to Chef Automate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Can't report to Chef Automate
```

     port 4001
   end

Migrating to Custom Resources
=====================================================

> We highly recommend migrating existing definitions to custom resources to unlock the full feature set of Chef Infra resources. The following example shows a definition and that same definition rewritten as a custom resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend migrating existing definitions to custom resources to unlock the full feature set of Chef Infra resources. The following example shows a definition and that same definition rewritten as a custom resource.
```

     end
   end

> Migrated to a Custom Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate to a Custom Resource
```

Author: This one was meant to be this way. It's the definition, but migrated to a custom resource

   end

> Once written, the custom resource may be used in a recipe just like the any of the resources that are built into Chef Infra. The resource gets its name from the cookbook and from the file name in the ``/resources`` directory, with an underscore (``_``) separating them. For example, a cookbook named ``host`` with a custom resource in the ``/resources`` directory named ``porter.rb``. Use it in a recipe like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once written, a custom resource may be used in a recipe just like any resource that is built into Chef Infra. A custom resource gets its name from the cookbook and the name of its file in the ``/resources`` directory with an underscore (``_``) separating them. For example, a cookbook named ``host`` with a custom resource file named ``porter.rb`` in the ``/resources`` directory would be called ``host_porter``. Use it in a recipe like this:
```
